Module 10 Mini Project 

Welcome to Module 10 Mini Project by user Gcland

Start by downloading all files and opening the html file within the 'pages' folder

The html file, 'index_searchDetails' is the only html file. From this page you will be able to perform all functions. 
The page features:
- A header with a title ('Pokemon API Search') and two carousels of three randomly generated pokemon images (with pokemon name and id's below the images).
  The pokemon shown are randomly generated on page load and will reset with the page reset.
- Below the carousels is the main functionality of the page with user interaction:
    - A blue button 'Get Pokemon List' which generates the entire list of pokemon available on the pokeapi and display the list with name and ID.
      This list is displayed on the right half of the screen on larger screen sizes.
      This provides a reference list for the user in searching for pokemon.
      When the list is open there is a blue 'Collapse List' button at the top and bottom of the list.
      Note: within the javascript 'scripts' file, the number of pokemon generated by this function can be reduced by changing the limit on the api search.
            See javascript file notes for more detail.
    - A yellow button 'Reset display' which clears the generated list and searched pokemon.
    - Two pokemon search bars, one by name and one by ID. Each search bar have their own yellow 'submit' button renamed 'Display Details'.
      On pressing the button with a valid entry, the javascript file with return and display the Pokemon details on the left side of the screen for larger screens:
      - Name, ID, Type, Abilities, Stats, Height, Weight, Base Experience, and Moves (set as an accordion within the display).
      - The pokemon detail display will show a different background color based on the type of pokemon (fire = red, blue = water, green = grass, etc.) See javascript file for details.

The page is entirely responsive:
- On larger screen sizes:
    - The two carousels will be displayed in a single row and divide the screen in half, one carousel on each side.
    - The two search bars will be displayed in a single row and divide the screen in half, one search bar on each side.
    - The returned pokemon detail display and full pokemon list will be displayed in a single row and divide the screen in half, a display on each half.
 
- On medium and lower screen sizes:
    - All items are organized into a single column.
 

Thanks for reading and reviewing! Have a great day!
- Gcland
